exploration: `finally` (#4507)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/reference/language-manual.md

:::

> The `try` expression can be endowed with a cleanup clause (and optionally omitting the `catch`) to facilitate structured rollback of temporary state changes (e.g. locks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `try` expression can be provided with a `finally` cleanup clause to facilitate structured rollback of temporary state changes (e.g. to release a lock). 
The preceding `catch` clause may be omitted in the presence of a `finally` clause.
```
